Refactoring Login and Registration guides (#182)
osg-htc/user-documentation: documentation/overview/account_setup/comanage-access.md

**This guide is for users who were notified by a member of the OSG team that they 
will be using the `uw.osg-htc.org` Access Points.**

> To use the `uw.osg-htc.org` Access Points (`ap40.uw.osg-htc.org`), 
> you must have first registered and have your account approved

> > as described [here](../registration-and-login).

Reviewer: never mind..I see it now

## Log in

To log in, you can authenticate using one of two methods:

1. [Browser-based web authentication](#option-1-log-in-via-web-authentication) (requires access to web browser)

2. [SSH key pair authentication](#option-2-log-in-via-ssh-key-pair-authentication) (requires uploading an SSH key)

### Option 1: Log in via Web Authentication

Logging in via web authentication requires no preparatory steps beyond having access to an internet browser. 

To authenticate using this approach: 

1. Open a terminal and enter the following command, 
   being sure to replace `username` with your `uw.osg-htc.org` username:
   
   ```
   ssh username@ap40.uw.osg-htc.org
   ```
   
   Upon hitting enter, the following text should appear with a unique URL, similar to the one in the example below: 
   
   ```
   Authenticate at
   -----------------
   https://cilogon.org/device/?user_code=FF4-ZX6-9LK
   -----------------
   Type 'Enter' when you authenticate.
   ```

2. Open your unique `https://` link in your web browser. 

>    With some terminals, you may be able to click on the link to open it.

Author: ```suggestion
   When using some terminal applications, you may be able to click on the link to open it.
```
